Title: 3Pcs Workout Headbands for Women Sweatbands for Women Non Slip Headband for Women Stretchy Headbands for Women
Description: Description: When you are running, exercising, brisk walking, or practicing yoga, do you feel uncomfortable due to the random drop of sweat? Have you thought about improving this problem with an ordinary headband, but it is too easy to slip off, blocking your vision instead? Straight down, then you can try our non-slip silicone sports headband. The headband is designed with silicone anti-slip design, which can better solve the problem of slipping. It also improves sweat absorption and quick-drying of the material. Three classic colors, let you have more collocations, show your most beautiful self, and enjoy the happiest sports Specification: Package:3 pcs Size:9.5 x 2 inch Color:black,white,gray
Date First Available: 2023-04-15 00:00:00
Main Category: All Beauty
Store: Zexik
Average Rating: 4.1
Price: 8.99
Details: {'Item Package Dimensions L x W x H': '11.06 x 2.99 x 0.75 inches', 'Package Weight': '0.06 Kilograms', 'Item Dimensions  LxWxH': '9.84 x 1.97 x 0.79 inches', 'Brand Name': 'Zexik', 'Color': 'Black,Gray,White', 'Number of Items': '3', 'Manufacturer': 'Zexik', 'Sport Type': 'Walking, Exercise, Running, Yoga, Hiking, Fitness', 'Best Sellers Rank': {'Sports & Outdoors': 25109, 'Sports Fan Headbands': 114}, 'Date First Available': 'April 15, 2023'}

Title: Head Shaver Replacement Blades, 6 Head Blades For Men, Men's Electric Shaver Replacement Heads Electric Razor Replacement Heads Wet and Dry Shaver Replacement Blades for Bald Men and Face.
Description: Are you troubled by these problems? After using the shaver for a long time, the head blades for men become dull. After long-term use, the head shaver replacement heads cannot be easily cleaned. After accidentally breaking the men's electric shaver replacement heads, there is no matching new cutter head to buy. Universal head shaver replacement heads, brand new and high quality. Fits most brands of bald razors. Not fit for Skull rotary razors and Remington razors. （without White Oil） Easy to clean and install Open the head shaver replacement heads can be washed, are easy to clean, and are easy to install, pull out the old razor head, and align the notch to insert the head blades for men can be used. Precision shaving Dual ring anti-allergy stainless steel blades for a fast shaving experience. Make shaving easy and stress-free. The men's electric shaver replacement heads are simple and elegant and can replace old or broken heads with a new and reusable rotary razor. 5D flex floating heads rotate to follow the contours of your face, head, neck, and jaw, without skin irritation. How to Install？ 1. Hold the body and the head with both hands and pull out the men's electric shaver replacement heads with a little force, please do not rotate the head. 2. The new head shaver replacement heads are aligned with the inner groove and pressed, hear the "click" sound that completes the installation. 6 Blade heads, large contact surfaces, and faster shaving bring you a faster and cleaner shaving process. With an elegant and simple electric shaving head, our universal replacement blade heads work with most 6-head razors for a versatile and durable product that gets the job done. Keep your shaver sharp and effective with our 6 Head Shavers for Bald Men Replacement Blades today!
Date First Available: 2023-01-31 00:00:00
Main Category: All Beauty
Store: HFOTD
Average Rating: 4.8
Price: 19.99
Details: {'Brand': 'HFOTD', 'Included Components': 'Charger', 'Color': '6 Head Blades for Men', 'Head Type': 'Rotary', 'Number of Blades': '6', 'Package Dimensions': '2.95 x 2.91 x 1.54 inches; 2.08 Ounces', 'Batteries': '1 Lithium Polymer batteries required. (included)', 'Date First Available': 'January 31, 2023', 'Manufacturer': 'HFOTD'}

Title: 3D St. Patrick's Day Irish Clover Nail Art Decals Charms, Green Acrylic Beautiful Nail Charms Shamrock Nail Rhinestone Decals for Women Girls DIY Manicures Salon Accessories
Description: Feature: 2023 New Arrivals Charms Nail Designs for Spring Summer Autumn Winter. 3D Acrylic Flower Nail Art Decoration. Easy to apply and beauty your nails. Specification: Color: Green Designs: 3D Acrylic Clover Nail Art Decoration Pattern: 3D Acrylic Clover Packing: 10 Pieces 3D Nail Acrylic Decoration
Date First Available: 2023-01-10 00:00:00
Main Category: All Beauty
Store: RYAOLFLY
Average Rating: 2.8
Price: 9.62
Details: {'Package Dimensions': '3.75 x 2.75 x 0.1 inches', 'Item Weight': '1.58 ounces', 'Manufacturer': 'huamei', 'Country of Origin': 'China', 'Best Sellers Rank': {'Beauty & Personal Care': 358074, 'Nail Art Stickers & Decals': 3428}, 'Date First Available': 'January 10, 2023', 'Color': 'Charm#clover', 'Material': 'Resin, Acrylic', 'Brand': 'RYAOLFLY', 'Shape': 'Flower', 'Number of Pieces': '10'}

Title: Epilator Smooth Glide Epilator for Women Face Epilator for Women Facial Epilator Hair Remover Smooth Glide Epilator for Women Face, Smooth Glide Epilator, Smooth Glide Body Glide Epilator for Women
Description: Flend smooth glide epilator for women face, cordless & portable, safe for taking care of your skin, perfect for bikini, underarms, hands and legs. Features of Flend Facial Epilator 1. Equipped with 36 tweezers can strongest and fastest epilate and remove even the shortest hairs by the root, precise and thorough epilate gives you smooth skin for up to 4 weeks.2. Smart Light Design, this smooth glide epilator built-in LED light makes you even won't miss a hair, and auto-open LED light helps you epilate at any time.3. Cordless and portable smooth glide epilator, ideal for traveling and outings. Exquisite looks, comfortable touch.4. Dual speed settings for better hair removal performance. Low speed: For safe removal of finer hairs in sensitive areas. High speed: For extra effective epilation of coarser hairs on legs and arms.5. Rubber hair comb and mat, rubber hair combs and pads can relieve pain when using the epilator and make shaving smoother.6. Washable epilator head and the detachable cutter bit shell makes it easy to clean, just wipe gently with the attached cleaning brush and it will be clean immediately.7. USB Rechargeable, you can use any USB interface to charge the epilator, the charging cable is included. Facial epilator using tips 1. Before epilating, it is recommended that you apply warm compresses. After epilation, you can apply cold compresses to relieve pain.2. Hold the facial epilator at 90Degree for maximum skin and move slowly at gliding it along with your skin contact at all times. But please against the growth direction of the hair. 3. After depilation, please moisturize the skin with some gentle and low chemical content body lotion.4. For beginners of epilators, we recommend that you try the epilator on the back of your hand and you will feel that minor changes will decrease over time.Packing list: 1*Epilator for women, 1*USB Cable, 1*Cleaning Brush, 1*Manual
Date First Available: 2023-01-09 00:00:00
Main Category: All Beauty
Store: Flend.
Average Rating: 4.3
Price: 22.99
Details: {'Brand': 'Flend.', 'Color': 'Pink#2319rg', 'Water Resistance Level': 'Not Water Resistant', 'Charging Time': '45 minutes', 'Included Components': 'Battery', 'Package Dimensions': '6.89 x 5.79 x 1.85 inches; 9.14 Ounces', 'Date First Available': 'January 9, 2023', 'Manufacturer': 'Flend.'}

Title: Head Shaver for Men,Bald Head Shavers,Men Electric Shavers for Face Cordless, Electric Razor for Men Head Shaver Wet and Dry, 6 in 1 Shaver for Bald Heads Rechargeable Travel Man Shaving Grooming Kit
Description: Thank you for purchasing our bald head shaver for men! Hope to bring you a great shaving/shaving experience! Note: This product does not come with a Charging Plug To keep your skin and shaving heads healthy, be sure to replace the replaceable blades regularly to keep them sharp, clean and rust-free. If you have any questions about bald head shaver for men, you can always contact us. The Ideal Gift This new upgraded head shaver for bald men is the perfect gift for boyfriend, husband, father. It can be a great gift for birthdays, anniversaries, Thanksgiving, Christmas, Father's Day and any occasion! Smart Travel Lock Long press the power button for three seconds, one-key lock to prevent accidental opening. Don't worry about accidentally opening the shaver during a trip. Make the whole trip more secure. New Thoughtful Hook Design The hook shape design of this bald head shaver for men allows the shaver to drain the clean water well after use, helping the shaver to clean better and avoid water residue, causes the head shaver for bald men to rust. Battery Charging Time Charging time: 2 hours Use time: 90 minutes Package Included 1x Main Shaver Body 1x Shaver Head 1 x USB Charging Cable 1 x Precision Trimmer 3 x Limit Combs (3mm, 5mm, 7mm) 1 x Nose & Ear Trimmer 1 x Face Cleanser Sponge 1 x Face Cleanser Brush for Men 1 x Clipper brush 1 x User Manual Thank you again for your support and purchase of our head shaver for bald men! If you have any questions about the bald head shaver for men, please communicate with us in time.Thank you!
Date First Available: 2023-01-31 00:00:00
Main Category: All Beauty
Store: HFOTD
Average Rating: 4.7
Price: 39.99
Details: {'Brand': 'HFOTD', 'Special Feature': 'Cordless,Rechargeable', 'Power Source': 'Battery Powered', 'Included Components': 'Cleaning Brush, Attachment, Protective Cap', 'Battery Life': '90 minutes', 'Package Dimensions': '7.8 x 4.06 x 3.11 inches; 13.12 Ounces', 'Batteries': '1 Lithium Polymer batteries required. (included)', 'Date First Available': 'January 31, 2023', 'Manufacturer': 'HFOTD'}

Title: PIOCmuy Silky Smooth Hair Eraser,Painless Hair Removal,Hair Remover,Rechargeable Epilator Smooth Touch Hair Remover - Light Technology Hair Remove, Apply to Any Part of The Body, White
Description: WHY SILKY SMOOTH HAIR ERASER IS FOR YOU! Painless Hair Removal -- Removing hair on the skin is easy with our silky smooth hair eraser. Your skin remains very soft after hair removal. The hair is also removed painlessly. Safe And Soft -- The Sunday SKN is very comfortable to use. Stereoscopic floating mesh cutting head, can remove hair without damage to the skin.The sensa-light technology makes you rethink why you ever used a razor in the first place. Easy to Clean -- This hair removal device has washable removable blade head, all waterproof smooth hair eraser can be removed, cleaned with water, and can be used safely in dry cleaning or showering. Use Anywhere -- Sunday SKN Silky Smooth Hair Remover can be used anywhere you want.It can be used all over the body, face, arms and legs and even bikini line and armphes. Good Gift -- This Silky Smooth Hair Eraser for women has an ergonomic size for easy grip, portable and practical, it is a good gift for your lover, girlfriend, mother, and friends. The electric razor is cute and easy to carry, can be placed in the small corner of the bag,very convenient. Specification: Epilator Weight: About 120g Charging Time: About 2.5 Hours Material: ABS+PC+POM Use Time: About 60 Minutes Package Contents: 1 x Cleaning brush 1 x USB charging cable 1 x User Manual 2 x Cutter Head 1 x Sunday Skn Hair Eraser
Date First Available: 2023-02-22 00:00:00
Main Category: All Beauty
Store: PIOCmuy
Average Rating: 2.4
Price: 16.99
Details: {'Package Dimensions': '5.87 x 3.39 x 1.06 inches; 3.21 Ounces', 'Date First Available': 'February 22, 2023', 'Manufacturer': 'PIOCmuy', 'Country of Origin': 'China'}

Title: Hair-Regrowth-Treatment, Extra-Strength-Hair Loss Treatment, Fast-Acting, 2 Fl Oz (Pack of 1)
Description: Are you often troubled by these situations? 1. Hairline shifting backwards and hair gap getting wider 2. Dry hair with severe split ends 3. Frequent hair loss and the use of multiple shampoos cannot save your hair With our products you will never have to worry about your hair again! Benefits 1. Helps to soothe dry, itchy scalp and improve shine and brightness 2. Nourishes hair follicles and promotes hair growth 3.Strengthens hair roots and reduces hair fall 4. Can be used not only for hair but also for beard How To Use : Simply spray on dry hair once or twice a day and massage in for two minutes to allow the hair growth solution to be better absorbed by the hair follicles. For hair You need to lift your head slightly and spray 2-3 times from front to back, then wipe off the solution that runs down your face For the beard You need to spray once on the left and right cheeks 8 Weeks Obvious Effect: WEEK 1: Prevent hair loss and help hair follicles to grow small black spots WEEK 4: New hairs get thickened and strength WEEK 8: New hair continuously grow. Warm reminder: 1. This product is for external use only and should not be used for oral intake. 2. Store in a cool, dry place and avoid sunlight. 3. Keep out of the reach of children. 4. This product is only effective on areas with hair follicles
Date First Available: 2023-03-17 00:00:00
Main Category: All Beauty
Store: Haokanba
Average Rating: 4.4
Price: 23.97
Details: {'Brand': 'Haokanba', 'Scent': 'Blue', 'Item Form': 'Drop', 'Active Ingredients': 'ginger', 'Age Range (Description)': 'Adult', 'Package Dimensions': '4.8 x 1.46 x 1.42 inches; 2.89 Ounces', 'Date First Available': 'March 17, 2023', 'Manufacturer': 'Haokanba'}

Title: Heatless Hair Curler You Can Sleep In - Heatless Curls Headband, Soft Velour Heatless Curling Rod Headband Kit for Long Hair Curls - Heatless Curling Set for Women & Cosmetic Bag
Description: Upgraded heatless curls headband - No Potion! No Heat! No Damage! Don't waste time! Unlike traditional curling tools, it don't need heat and will protect your hair. -Easy to use, painless and will make curling iron burns a thing of the past. Best of all, you can wear our curling headband anywhere. Such as you can wear it directly when going out, working, gathering with friends. - overnight curls headband for beautiful curls and waves at bedtime or throughout the day. You can DIY your hairstyle with our no heat curling headband, by adjusting the density and direction of the circles to create different wavy hair; if you have long hair, wrap your hair a few more times when you use heatless curls. -So, instead of waking up in the morning with a messy hair, waking up to a beautiful bevy of curls, not only save you time, take on the day looking and feeling amazing. Benefits of Heatless Curling Rod Headband: Protect your hair from breakage Keep your hair smooth and hydrated Extend the life of your hairstyle -Using our heatless hair curling ribbon, you can curl your hair at home without frequent visits to the hair salon. No need to waste time waiting on making hair, and also even save you some expenses for making hair. When the hair is braided to the end, wind it with scrunchies. Made of premium satin, secure your hair on curler and also can be used to tie your hair up. You will get: 1 x 61” Heatless Curling Rod 4 x Scrunchies 1 x Hair Clip 1 x Soft Gauze Mesh Cosmetic Bag
Date First Available: 2023-01-06 00:00:00
Main Category: All Beauty
Store: Exvocht
Average Rating: 4.4
Price: 25.99
Details: {'Item Form': 'Clip', 'Hair Type': 'All', 'Number of Items': '1', 'Brand': 'Exvocht', 'Color': 'khaki', 'Package Dimensions': '7.13 x 5.04 x 2.13 inches; 4.66 Ounces', 'Date First Available': 'January 6, 2023', 'Manufacturer': 'Exvocht', 'Country of Origin': 'China'}

Title: Tatjacket unisex-adult Cover Up,protection
Description: The original Ike jacket large tan from Tatjacket is perfect for tattoo maintenance, aftercare and concealment. Keep those tattoos clean and shiny and if your workplace requires concealment, Tatjacket has it.
Date First Available: 2023-02-04 00:00:00
Main Category: All Beauty
Store: Tatjacket
Average Rating: 4.0
Price: 19.9
Details: {'Department': 'Unisex-adult', 'Date First Available': 'February 4, 2023', 'Manufacturer': 'The Regatta Group DBA Beauty Depot'}

Title: BAIYIYI 3D Gold Nail Art Charms Rhinestones Colorful Bow Nail Charms with Shiny Crystals Diamonds Bowknots Charms Design Nail Accessories for Nail Decorations DIY Supplies
Description: SPECIFICATIONS Color: Gold Size: 11*9mm Material: High quality metal alloy, crystal Shape: Bowknots PACKAGE CONTENT 20 X Gold Nail Charms Decoration FEATURES —— These stylish elements give your nails more personality and make your nails look more elegant and glamorous during the holiday season. ——Easy to apply on natural or artificial nails,suitable for professional nail salon, also fit for nail art beginners. ——Add sparkling to DIY accessories, decorate your clothing, shoes, hairpin, bags, glasses, jewelry making, wedding dress, etc. NOTE Sometimes products look larger or smaller on pictures,please refer to our actual description.
Date First Available: 2023-03-18 00:00:00
Main Category: All Beauty
Store: BAIYIYI
Average Rating: 4.5
Price: 7.99
Details: {'Package Dimensions': '4.72 x 2.87 x 0.35 inches', 'Item Weight': '1.06 ounces', 'Manufacturer': 'BAIYIYI', 'Best Sellers Rank': {'Beauty & Personal Care': 271431, 'Nail Art Rhinestones': 1225}, 'Date First Available': 'March 18, 2023', 'Color': 'Colorful-Bows Nail Charms-20PCS', 'Material': 'Gold, Metal', 'Brand': 'BAIYIYI', 'Number of Pieces': '20'}

Title: Bunny Nail Art Stickers Easter Nail Art Decals Cute Rabbit Carrot Cartoon Water Transfer Sliders Nail Accessories Happy Easter Nail Design Acrylic Nail Supplies Nail Decoration for Women Girls 12Sheet
Description: Item Name: You will get 12 sheet Easter Day cute rabbit carrots nail art stickers water transfer sliders spring water decals holographic flower sliders manicure design for women and girls, contain rich patterns, suitable for nail design. Project Type: Rabbit Nail Water Decals Size: Approximately 2.1 * 2.5 inch/sheet Features: 1. Happy Easter nail decals, very suitable for nails or nail tips. Suitable for most nails. 2.Great to focus or filling fun in Parent-Child time. 3. Elegant and fashionable style, easy to match any nail color. 4. Very easy to use, suitable for professional salons and home use. How to use: 1.Trim, clean and polish the fingernails; Apply the nail polish until it dries. 2. Remove the film of product,cut out the patter and plunge it into water 10-20 seconds. 3. Moisten the fingernails, stick the patter in position. 4. Sop up the water with a paper towel and blow dry. 5. Cap with clear nail polish and blow dry. Note: 1.The real color of the item may be slightly different from the pictures shown on website caused by many factors such as brightness of your monitor and light brightness. 2. Please allow 1-2mm differences due to manual measurement.
Date First Available: 2023-02-18 00:00:00
Main Category: All Beauty
Store: AIUPUOC
Average Rating: 5.0
Price: 5.99
Details: {'Brand': 'AIUPUOC', 'Color': 'A', 'Theme': 'Botanical, Animal, Cartoon', 'Age Range (Description)': 'kid', 'Reusability': 'Single Use', 'Pattern': 'Cartoon', 'Unit Count': '12.0 Count', 'Package Dimensions': '10.94 x 6.26 x 0.43 inches', 'Item Weight': '2.08 ounces', 'Manufacturer': 'AIUPUOC', 'Best Sellers Rank': {'Beauty & Personal Care': 539868, 'Nail Art Stickers & Decals': 6541}, 'Date First Available': 'February 18, 2023', 'Surface Recommendation nail': '', '': 'Shape Oblong', 'Installation Type Self-Adhesive': ''}

Title: Silk Satin Hair Bonnets for Braids Long Curly Hair Cover Women Night Sleeping Cap Large XL Silk Bonnet with Elastic Tie Band
Description: WHY CHOOSE TALE KING BONNETS? High Quality Silky Satin Fabric -- We select high quality satin which is very soft, lightweight, breathable and skin-friendly. It's very comfortable to wear. It is very suitable for kids, girls, women, mothers, hair loss, chemotherapy, sunscreen, sleep or daily decoration. It makes your hair and skin smoother and more beautiful. Unique Adjustable Tie Band -- The bonnet has an adjustable tie band, so you can adjust the size of the bonnet. It will help the sleep cap stay on your head all night long. Adjustable Large Room -- Adjustable tie band and large size, it fits for almost all adults, kids and girls. Easy Washing -- Hand wash or machine wash in cold water; It can be washed by hand with cold water and mild soap; Lay it flat or hang it to dry. 100% Satisfaction Guaranteed -- 30 days free exchange and returns. "High Quality, High Efficiency" is our purpose. We hope our customers are pleased with our product and service. Please feel free to contact us if you have any question. We will do our best to solve it quickly and efficiently!
Date First Available: 2023-05-27 00:00:00
Main Category: All Beauty
Store: TALE KING
Average Rating: 4.1
Price: 8.99
Details: {'Product Dimensions': '9.84 x 9.84 x 0.39 inches; 0.71 Ounces', 'Item model number': 'Satin Bonnet Sleep Cap', 'Date First Available': 'May 27, 2023', 'Manufacturer': 'TALE KING'}